chr - TTT TTT 0 28 colorttt
chr - TTG TTG 0 40 colorttg
chr - TTC TTC 0 45 colorttc
chr - TTA TTA 0 117 colortta
chr - TGT TGT 0 8 colortgt
chr - TGG TGG 0 5 colortgg
chr - TGC TGC 0 14 colortgc
chr - TGA TGA 0 42 colortga
chr - TCT TCT 0 60 colortct
chr - TCG TCG 0 2 colortcg
chr - TCC TCC 0 95 colortcc
chr - TCA TCA 0 58 colortca
chr - TAT TAT 0 19 colortat
chr - TAC TAC 0 21 colortac
chr - GTT GTT 0 32 colorgtt
chr - GTG GTG 0 10 colorgtg
chr - GTC GTC 0 33 colorgtc
chr - GTA GTA 0 56 colorgta
chr - GGT GGT 0 16 colorggt
chr - GGG GGG 0 8 colorggg
chr - GGC GGC 0 34 colorggc
chr - GGA GGA 0 22 colorgga
chr - GCT GCT 0 35 colorgct
chr - GCG GCG 0 11 colorgcg
chr - GCC GCC 0 119 colorgcc
chr - GCA GCA 0 69 colorgca
chr - GAT GAT 0 9 colorgat
chr - GAG GAG 0 11 colorgag
chr - GAC GAC 0 23 colorgac
chr - GAA GAA 0 29 colorgaa
chr - CTT CTT 0 100 colorctt
chr - CTG CTG 0 18 colorctg
chr - CTC CTC 0 67 colorctc
chr - CTA CTA 0 59 colorcta
chr - CGT CGT 0 1 colorcgt
chr - CGG CGG 0 6 colorcgg
chr - CGC CGC 0 6 colorcgc
chr - CGA CGA 0 12 colorcga
chr - CCT CCT 0 11 colorcct
chr - CCG CCG 0 1 colorccg
chr - CCC CCC 0 21 colorccc
chr - CCA CCA 0 17 colorcca
chr - CAT CAT 0 16 colorcat
chr - CAG CAG 0 9 colorcag
chr - CAC CAC 0 27 colorcac
chr - CAA CAA 0 61 colorcaa
chr - ATT ATT 0 87 coloratt
chr - ATG ATG 0 28 coloratg
chr - ATC ATC 0 78 coloratc
chr - ATA ATA 0 97 colorata
chr - AGT AGT 0 39 coloragt
chr - AGG AGG 0 3 coloragg
chr - AGC AGC 0 115 coloragc
chr - AGA AGA 0 5 coloraga
chr - ACT ACT 0 49 coloract
chr - ACG ACG 0 7 coloracg
chr - ACC ACC 0 78 coloracc
chr - ACA ACA 0 103 coloraca
chr - AAT AAT 0 41 coloraat
chr - AAG AAG 0 3 coloraag
chr - AAC AAC 0 75 coloraac
chr - AAA AAA 0 43 coloraaa
