chr - TTT TTT 0 865 colorttt
chr - TTG TTG 0 146 colorttg
chr - TTC TTC 0 80 colorttc
chr - TTA TTA 0 1995 colortta
chr - TGT TGT 0 256 colortgt
chr - TGG TGG 0 31 colortgg
chr - TGC TGC 0 28 colortgc
chr - TGA TGA 0 240 colortga
chr - TCT TCT 0 1263 colortct
chr - TCG TCG 0 17 colortcg
chr - TCC TCC 0 49 colortcc
chr - TCA TCA 0 1018 colortca
chr - TAT TAT 0 500 colortat
chr - TAC TAC 0 100 colortac
chr - GTT GTT 0 424 colorgtt
chr - GTG GTG 0 38 colorgtg
chr - GTC GTC 0 28 colorgtc
chr - GTA GTA 0 265 colorgta
chr - GGT GGT 0 356 colorggt
chr - GGG GGG 0 96 colorggg
chr - GGC GGC 0 25 colorggc
chr - GGA GGA 0 175 colorgga
chr - GCT GCT 0 235 colorgct
chr - GCG GCG 0 20 colorgcg
chr - GCC GCC 0 53 colorgcc
chr - GCA GCA 0 186 colorgca
chr - GAT GAT 0 100 colorgat
chr - GAG GAG 0 51 colorgag
chr - GAC GAC 0 16 colorgac
chr - GAA GAA 0 303 colorgaa
chr - CTT CTT 0 714 colorctt
chr - CTG CTG 0 59 colorctg
chr - CTC CTC 0 84 colorctc
chr - CTA CTA 0 90 colorcta
chr - CGT CGT 0 31 colorcgt
chr - CGG CGG 0 3 colorcgg
chr - CGC CGC 0 4 colorcgc
chr - CGA CGA 0 65 colorcga
chr - CCT CCT 0 173 colorcct
chr - CCG CCG 0 4 colorccg
chr - CCC CCC 0 17 colorccc
chr - CCA CCA 0 83 colorcca
chr - CAT CAT 0 112 colorcat
chr - CAG CAG 0 20 colorcag
chr - CAC CAC 0 22 colorcac
chr - CAA CAA 0 239 colorcaa
chr - ATT ATT 0 1344 coloratt
chr - ATG ATG 0 102 coloratg
chr - ATC ATC 0 119 coloratc
chr - ATA ATA 0 1030 colorata
chr - AGT AGT 0 981 coloragt
chr - AGG AGG 0 53 coloragg
chr - AGC AGC 0 41 coloragc
chr - AGA AGA 0 1097 coloraga
chr - ACT ACT 0 327 coloract
chr - ACG ACG 0 25 coloracg
chr - ACC ACC 0 76 coloracc
chr - ACA ACA 0 322 coloraca
chr - AAT AAT 0 1308 coloraat
chr - AAG AAG 0 44 coloraag
chr - AAC AAC 0 122 coloraac
chr - AAA AAA 0 422 coloraaa
