chr - TTT TTT 0 174 colorttt
chr - TTG TTG 0 31 colorttg
chr - TTC TTC 0 29 colorttc
chr - TTA TTA 0 205 colortta
chr - TGT TGT 0 53 colortgt
chr - TGG TGG 0 10 colortgg
chr - TGC TGC 0 31 colortgc
chr - TGA TGA 0 58 colortga
chr - TCT TCT 0 705 colortct
chr - TCG TCG 0 63 colortcg
chr - TCC TCC 0 114 colortcc
chr - TCA TCA 0 391 colortca
chr - TAT TAT 0 113 colortat
chr - TAC TAC 0 37 colortac
chr - GTT GTT 0 95 colorgtt
chr - GTG GTG 0 27 colorgtg
chr - GTC GTC 0 11 colorgtc
chr - GTA GTA 0 92 colorgta
chr - GGT GGT 0 75 colorggt
chr - GGG GGG 0 82 colorggg
chr - GGC GGC 0 12 colorggc
chr - GGA GGA 0 156 colorgga
chr - GCT GCT 0 89 colorgct
chr - GCG GCG 0 13 colorgcg
chr - GCC GCC 0 49 colorgcc
chr - GCA GCA 0 57 colorgca
chr - GAT GAT 0 37 colorgat
chr - GAG GAG 0 24 colorgag
chr - GAC GAC 0 11 colorgac
chr - GAA GAA 0 87 colorgaa
chr - CTT CTT 0 37 colorctt
chr - CTG CTG 0 11 colorctg
chr - CTC CTC 0 15 colorctc
chr - CTA CTA 0 31 colorcta
chr - CGT CGT 0 15 colorcgt
chr - CGG CGG 0 4 colorcgg
chr - CGC CGC 0 3 colorcgc
chr - CGA CGA 0 25 colorcga
chr - CCT CCT 0 63 colorcct
chr - CCG CCG 0 1 colorccg
chr - CCC CCC 0 22 colorccc
chr - CCA CCA 0 38 colorcca
chr - CAT CAT 0 33 colorcat
chr - CAG CAG 0 7 colorcag
chr - CAC CAC 0 17 colorcac
chr - CAA CAA 0 66 colorcaa
chr - ATT ATT 0 152 coloratt
chr - ATG ATG 0 50 coloratg
chr - ATC ATC 0 28 coloratc
chr - ATA ATA 0 241 colorata
chr - AGT AGT 0 278 coloragt
chr - AGG AGG 0 82 coloragg
chr - AGC AGC 0 60 coloragc
chr - AGA AGA 0 590 coloraga
chr - ACT ACT 0 93 coloract
chr - ACG ACG 0 6 coloracg
chr - ACC ACC 0 28 coloracc
chr - ACA ACA 0 70 coloraca
chr - AAT AAT 0 380 coloraat
chr - AAG AAG 0 33 coloraag
chr - AAC AAC 0 76 coloraac
chr - AAA AAA 0 144 coloraaa
