chr - TTT TTT 0 37 colorttt
chr - TTG TTG 0 23 colorttg
chr - TTC TTC 0 17 colorttc
chr - TTA TTA 0 14 colortta
chr - TGT TGT 0 32 colortgt
chr - TGG TGG 0 31 colortgg
chr - TGC TGC 0 49 colortgc
chr - TCT TCT 0 300 colortct
chr - TCG TCG 0 140 colortcg
chr - TCC TCC 0 276 colortcc
chr - TCA TCA 0 308 colortca
chr - TAT TAT 0 17 colortat
chr - TAC TAC 0 17 colortac
chr - GTT GTT 0 19 colorgtt
chr - GTG GTG 0 79 colorgtg
chr - GTC GTC 0 37 colorgtc
chr - GTA GTA 0 42 colorgta
chr - GGT GGT 0 27 colorggt
chr - GGG GGG 0 45 colorggg
chr - GGC GGC 0 41 colorggc
chr - GGA GGA 0 36 colorgga
chr - GCT GCT 0 37 colorgct
chr - GCG GCG 0 30 colorgcg
chr - GCC GCC 0 58 colorgcc
chr - GCA GCA 0 70 colorgca
chr - GAT GAT 0 61 colorgat
chr - GAG GAG 0 131 colorgag
chr - GAC GAC 0 34 colorgac
chr - GAA GAA 0 52 colorgaa
chr - CTT CTT 0 14 colorctt
chr - CTG CTG 0 55 colorctg
chr - CTC CTC 0 24 colorctc
chr - CTA CTA 0 13 colorcta
chr - CGT CGT 0 12 colorcgt
chr - CGG CGG 0 12 colorcgg
chr - CGC CGC 0 23 colorcgc
chr - CGA CGA 0 9 colorcga
chr - CCT CCT 0 41 colorcct
chr - CCG CCG 0 10 colorccg
chr - CCC CCC 0 42 colorccc
chr - CCA CCA 0 49 colorcca
chr - CAT CAT 0 43 colorcat
chr - CAG CAG 0 138 colorcag
chr - CAC CAC 0 30 colorcac
chr - CAA CAA 0 30 colorcaa
chr - ATT ATT 0 20 coloratt
chr - ATG ATG 0 78 coloratg
chr - ATC ATC 0 15 coloratc
chr - ATA ATA 0 8 colorata
chr - AGT AGT 0 437 coloragt
chr - AGG AGG 0 28 coloragg
chr - AGC AGC 0 551 coloragc
chr - AGA AGA 0 22 coloraga
chr - ACT ACT 0 39 coloract
chr - ACG ACG 0 21 coloracg
chr - ACC ACC 0 40 coloracc
chr - ACA ACA 0 62 coloraca
chr - AAT AAT 0 45 coloraat
chr - AAG AAG 0 108 coloraag
chr - AAC AAC 0 32 coloraac
chr - AAA AAA 0 51 coloraaa
