chr - TTT TTT 0 413 colorttt
chr - TTG TTG 0 464 colorttg
chr - TTC TTC 0 317 colorttc
chr - TTA TTA 0 321 colortta
chr - TGT TGT 0 741 colortgt
chr - TGG TGG 0 378 colortgg
chr - TGC TGC 0 678 colortgc
chr - TCT TCT 0 6652 colortct
chr - TCG TCG 0 2587 colortcg
chr - TCC TCC 0 4961 colortcc
chr - TCA TCA 0 5575 colortca
chr - TAT TAT 0 389 colortat
chr - TAC TAC 0 433 colortac
chr - GTT GTT 0 594 colorgtt
chr - GTG GTG 0 1634 colorgtg
chr - GTC GTC 0 739 colorgtc
chr - GTA GTA 0 307 colorgta
chr - GGT GGT 0 450 colorggt
chr - GGG GGG 0 662 colorggg
chr - GGC GGC 0 768 colorggc
chr - GGA GGA 0 726 colorgga
chr - GCT GCT 0 1082 colorgct
chr - GCG GCG 0 388 colorgcg
chr - GCC GCC 0 1065 colorgcc
chr - GCA GCA 0 1243 colorgca
chr - GAT GAT 0 673 colorgat
chr - GAG GAG 0 2120 colorgag
chr - GAC GAC 0 829 colorgac
chr - GAA GAA 0 927 colorgaa
chr - CTT CTT 0 342 colorctt
chr - CTG CTG 0 1508 colorctg
chr - CTC CTC 0 395 colorctc
chr - CTA CTA 0 201 colorcta
chr - CGT CGT 0 278 colorcgt
chr - CGG CGG 0 342 colorcgg
chr - CGC CGC 0 581 colorcgc
chr - CGA CGA 0 263 colorcga
chr - CCT CCT 0 481 colorcct
chr - CCG CCG 0 183 colorccg
chr - CCC CCC 0 396 colorccc
chr - CCA CCA 0 513 colorcca
chr - CAT CAT 0 473 colorcat
chr - CAG CAG 0 2112 colorcag
chr - CAC CAC 0 652 colorcac
chr - CAA CAA 0 708 colorcaa
chr - ATT ATT 0 316 coloratt
chr - ATG ATG 0 1305 coloratg
chr - ATC ATC 0 820 coloratc
chr - ATA ATA 0 273 colorata
chr - AGT AGT 0 7518 coloragt
chr - AGG AGG 0 382 coloragg
chr - AGC AGC 0 10903 coloragc
chr - AGA AGA 0 599 coloraga
chr - ACT ACT 0 828 coloract
chr - ACG ACG 0 364 coloracg
chr - ACC ACC 0 998 coloracc
chr - ACA ACA 0 1497 coloraca
chr - AAT AAT 0 959 coloraat
chr - AAG AAG 0 1595 coloraag
chr - AAC AAC 0 1235 coloraac
chr - AAA AAA 0 1272 coloraaa
