chr - TTT TTT 0 252 colorttt
chr - TTG TTG 0 229 colorttg
chr - TTC TTC 0 212 colorttc
chr - TTA TTA 0 196 colortta
chr - TGT TGT 0 208 colortgt
chr - TGG TGG 0 184 colortgg
chr - TGC TGC 0 275 colortgc
chr - TCT TCT 0 1016 colortct
chr - TCG TCG 0 645 colortcg
chr - TCC TCC 0 793 colortcc
chr - TCA TCA 0 1016 colortca
chr - TAT TAT 0 136 colortat
chr - TAC TAC 0 206 colortac
chr - GTT GTT 0 173 colorgtt
chr - GTG GTG 0 704 colorgtg
chr - GTC GTC 0 151 colorgtc
chr - GTA GTA 0 246 colorgta
chr - GGT GGT 0 158 colorggt
chr - GGG GGG 0 299 colorggg
chr - GGC GGC 0 267 colorggc
chr - GGA GGA 0 259 colorgga
chr - GCT GCT 0 381 colorgct
chr - GCG GCG 0 196 colorgcg
chr - GCC GCC 0 332 colorgcc
chr - GCA GCA 0 682 colorgca
chr - GAT GAT 0 244 colorgat
chr - GAG GAG 0 856 colorgag
chr - GAC GAC 0 364 colorgac
chr - GAA GAA 0 332 colorgaa
chr - CTT CTT 0 151 colorctt
chr - CTG CTG 0 539 colorctg
chr - CTC CTC 0 178 colorctc
chr - CTA CTA 0 84 colorcta
chr - CGT CGT 0 87 colorcgt
chr - CGG CGG 0 147 colorcgg
chr - CGC CGC 0 263 colorcgc
chr - CGA CGA 0 83 colorcga
chr - CCT CCT 0 240 colorcct
chr - CCG CCG 0 137 colorccg
chr - CCC CCC 0 241 colorccc
chr - CCA CCA 0 351 colorcca
chr - CAT CAT 0 221 colorcat
chr - CAG CAG 0 739 colorcag
chr - CAC CAC 0 258 colorcac
chr - CAA CAA 0 280 colorcaa
chr - ATT ATT 0 149 coloratt
chr - ATG ATG 0 701 coloratg
chr - ATC ATC 0 176 coloratc
chr - ATA ATA 0 98 colorata
chr - AGT AGT 0 1159 coloragt
chr - AGG AGG 0 214 coloragg
chr - AGC AGC 0 1934 coloragc
chr - AGA AGA 0 204 coloraga
chr - ACT ACT 0 216 coloract
chr - ACG ACG 0 137 coloracg
chr - ACC ACC 0 335 coloracc
chr - ACA ACA 0 598 coloraca
chr - AAT AAT 0 291 coloraat
chr - AAG AAG 0 732 coloraag
chr - AAC AAC 0 350 coloraac
chr - AAA AAA 0 499 coloraaa
