chr - TTT TTT 0 286 colorttt
chr - TTG TTG 0 947 colorttg
chr - TTC TTC 0 372 colorttc
chr - TTA TTA 0 836 colortta
chr - TGT TGT 0 441 colortgt
chr - TGG TGG 0 766 colortgg
chr - TGC TGC 0 514 colortgc
chr - TCT TCT 0 919 colortct
chr - TCG TCG 0 584 colortcg
chr - TCC TCC 0 1729 colortcc
chr - TCA TCA 0 1051 colortca
chr - TAT TAT 0 420 colortat
chr - TAC TAC 0 611 colortac
chr - GTT GTT 0 380 colorgtt
chr - GTG GTG 0 2083 colorgtg
chr - GTC GTC 0 588 colorgtc
chr - GTA GTA 0 392 colorgta
chr - GGT GGT 0 432 colorggt
chr - GGG GGG 0 588 colorggg
chr - GGC GGC 0 791 colorggc
chr - GGA GGA 0 416 colorgga
chr - GCT GCT 0 662 colorgct
chr - GCG GCG 0 950 colorgcg
chr - GCC GCC 0 1133 colorgcc
chr - GCA GCA 0 1893 colorgca
chr - GAT GAT 0 507 colorgat
chr - GAG GAG 0 1136 colorgag
chr - GAC GAC 0 867 colorgac
chr - GAA GAA 0 700 colorgaa
chr - CTT CTT 0 274 colorctt
chr - CTG CTG 0 1345 colorctg
chr - CTC CTC 0 565 colorctc
chr - CTA CTA 0 202 colorcta
chr - CGT CGT 0 241 colorcgt
chr - CGG CGG 0 397 colorcgg
chr - CGC CGC 0 678 colorcgc
chr - CGA CGA 0 194 colorcga
chr - CCT CCT 0 315 colorcct
chr - CCG CCG 0 421 colorccg
chr - CCC CCC 0 528 colorccc
chr - CCA CCA 0 884 colorcca
chr - CAT CAT 0 453 colorcat
chr - CAG CAG 0 1503 colorcag
chr - CAC CAC 0 748 colorcac
chr - CAA CAA 0 448 colorcaa
chr - ATT ATT 0 330 coloratt
chr - ATG ATG 0 1890 coloratg
chr - ATC ATC 0 591 coloratc
chr - ATA ATA 0 286 colorata
chr - AGT AGT 0 1394 coloragt
chr - AGG AGG 0 725 coloragg
chr - AGC AGC 0 2780 coloragc
chr - AGA AGA 0 436 coloraga
chr - ACT ACT 0 483 coloract
chr - ACG ACG 0 977 coloracg
chr - ACC ACC 0 751 coloracc
chr - ACA ACA 0 1654 coloraca
chr - AAT AAT 0 592 coloraat
chr - AAG AAG 0 1142 coloraag
chr - AAC AAC 0 942 coloraac
chr - AAA AAA 0 879 coloraaa
