chr - TTT TTT 0 26 colorttt
chr - TTG TTG 0 90 colorttg
chr - TTC TTC 0 38 colorttc
chr - TTA TTA 0 55 colortta
chr - TGT TGT 0 32 colortgt
chr - TGG TGG 0 92 colortgg
chr - TGC TGC 0 63 colortgc
chr - TCT TCT 0 249 colortct
chr - TCG TCG 0 60 colortcg
chr - TCC TCC 0 466 colortcc
chr - TCA TCA 0 85 colortca
chr - TAT TAT 0 58 colortat
chr - TAC TAC 0 85 colortac
chr - GTT GTT 0 39 colorgtt
chr - GTG GTG 0 116 colorgtg
chr - GTC GTC 0 125 colorgtc
chr - GTA GTA 0 37 colorgta
chr - GGT GGT 0 49 colorggt
chr - GGG GGG 0 61 colorggg
chr - GGC GGC 0 77 colorggc
chr - GGA GGA 0 42 colorgga
chr - GCT GCT 0 54 colorgct
chr - GCG GCG 0 103 colorgcg
chr - GCC GCC 0 118 colorgcc
chr - GCA GCA 0 78 colorgca
chr - GAT GAT 0 54 colorgat
chr - GAG GAG 0 133 colorgag
chr - GAC GAC 0 64 colorgac
chr - GAA GAA 0 69 colorgaa
chr - CTT CTT 0 32 colorctt
chr - CTG CTG 0 98 colorctg
chr - CTC CTC 0 56 colorctc
chr - CTA CTA 0 13 colorcta
chr - CGT CGT 0 16 colorcgt
chr - CGG CGG 0 25 colorcgg
chr - CGC CGC 0 52 colorcgc
chr - CGA CGA 0 11 colorcga
chr - CCT CCT 0 30 colorcct
chr - CCG CCG 0 32 colorccg
chr - CCC CCC 0 38 colorccc
chr - CCA CCA 0 48 colorcca
chr - CAT CAT 0 35 colorcat
chr - CAG CAG 0 152 colorcag
chr - CAC CAC 0 73 colorcac
chr - CAA CAA 0 58 colorcaa
chr - ATT ATT 0 36 coloratt
chr - ATG ATG 0 95 coloratg
chr - ATC ATC 0 50 coloratc
chr - ATA ATA 0 43 colorata
chr - AGT AGT 0 318 coloragt
chr - AGG AGG 0 65 coloragg
chr - AGC AGC 0 540 coloragc
chr - AGA AGA 0 40 coloraga
chr - ACT ACT 0 44 coloract
chr - ACG ACG 0 73 coloracg
chr - ACC ACC 0 87 coloracc
chr - ACA ACA 0 88 coloraca
chr - AAT AAT 0 93 coloraat
chr - AAG AAG 0 113 coloraag
chr - AAC AAC 0 100 coloraac
chr - AAA AAA 0 80 coloraaa
